Document import_executor manifest.json field (#2088)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_integration_manifest.md

The `loggers` field is a list of names that the integration's requirements use for their [getLogger](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html?highlight=logging#logging.getLogger) calls.

## Importing in the executor

> The `import_executor` flag is a boolean to determine if the code for the integration loads in the executor. Debug logging is available by enabling the `homeassistant.loader` and `homeassistant.setup` loggers to help integration code owners determine import times. Consider enabling this flag if warnings are observed when using [asyncio debug mode](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-dev.html#asyncio-debug-mode) or import times take more than a few hundred milliseconds.

Author: ```suggestion
The `import_executor` flag is a boolean to determine if the code for the integration loads in the executor. Debug logging is available by enabling the `homeassistant.loader` logger to help integration code owners determine import times. Consider enabling this flag if warnings are observed when using [asyncio debug mode](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-dev.html#asyncio-debug-mode) or import times take more than a few hundred milliseconds.
```
